#   Conclusion  #

Our   main   focus   was to   identify a method to save information about suppliers and  products details,
 which will give to all employ from the company a easy way to access the same information in real time.
 
The first step to complete the minion was to spend time with Accounts Team to identified which kind of information would need to be stored in database. 
 
Once the information was collected, the next logical step was to create data model for the database and create a Normalised Relational Database Structure (Convert to Third Normal Form ).

Using our ER Diagram as a guide, was created the database and the tables, and populate with data.
 
The purpose of creating generic query result class is to be able to convert SQL queries. Objects are far easier to work with and allow us to use properties instead of array keys.

Even in the beginning I start to create the classes in PHP I found difficult to make sure that classes correspond to each table. 
  
This was the time when I decide to move from PHP to Symfony. This thesis illustrates on the development chapter the different between. 
  
PHP (PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor) is a computer scripting language, originally designed for producing dynamic web pages.
 
Symfony is a web application framework written in PHP which follows the model-view-controller (MVC) paradigm. 

Symfony is written in PHP and builds on it with a set of classes specially designed for the web. So you need to know PHP before you can use Symfony.
 
Symfony adds custom extensions on top of Twig to integrate some components into the Twig templates. 

To be able to complete this project I spend some time learning twig and Symfony.  