# Introduction #

“Material control refers to the management function concerned with acquisition, storage, handling and use of materials so as to minimise wastage and losses, derive maximum economy and establish responsibility for various operations through physical checks, record keeping, accounting and other devices. ”

## Project Goal ##

The purpose of this project is to create Create a web Application for the hotel which will aloud all user to access suppliers details and products information.
Material control for Hotels refers to the various measures adopted to reduce the amount of loss time of receiving and issuing the raw materials. 
Material control in practice is exercised through periodical records and reports relating to purchase, receipt, storage and issuing direct and indirect materials. Proper control over material can contribute substantially to the efficiency of a business. 

## Project Objectives ##

In a Hotel Industry the need of materials control arises on account of the following reasons:

1. For keeping the stock of materials within limits in the stores , to avoid overstocking and under stocking of materials, materials control is significant.

2. It ensures proper information about different items used in the Hotel materials. For the proper preservation and safety of materials, adequate storage facilities are to be provided. 

3. Certain techniques and methods are developed under the system of materials control thereby ensuring optimum utilisation of materials.

4. In order to undertake continuous checking of materials, the necessity of a proper system of materials control cannot be ignored.

5. A well managed system of materials control ensures the availability of different kinds of materials without delay. 

## Source of information ##

Information about material controlled  

## Proposal to move from Prototype to Full working System ##

In reality more then 60 percent of the information regards to suppliers and items provided in a hotel are store on the paper.
 
     
   
## Context of Project ##

This is a database driven application requiring knowledge of:
 
1. MVC - Model-View-Controller 

*   Model

   Models represent knowledge. A model could be a single object (rather uninteresting), or it could be some structure of objects.
   
   There should be a one-to-one correspondence between the model and its parts on the one hand, and the represented world as perceived by the owner of the model on the other hand.
   
*   View
    
    A view is a representation of its model. It would ordinarily highlight certain attributes of the model and suppress others. It is thus acting as a presentation filter.
    
    A view is attached to its model (or model part) and gets the data necessary for the presentation from the model by asking questions. It may also update the model by sending appropriate messages. All these questions and messages have to be in the terminology of the model, the view will therefore have to know the semantics of the attributes of the model it represents. 
    
*   Controller

    A controller is the link between a user and the system. It provides the user with input by arranging for relevant views to present themselves in appropriate places on the screen. It provides means for user output by presenting the user with menus or other means of giving commands and data. The controller receives such user output, translates it into the appropriate messages and pass these messages on to one or more of the views. 

2. Twig which is a is a modern template engine for PHP

*   Fast: Twig compiles templates down to plain optimized PHP code. The overhead compared to regular PHP code was reduced to the very minimum.
*   Secure: Twig has a sandbox mode to evaluate untrusted template code. This allows Twig to be used as a template language for applications where users may modify the template design.
*   Flexible: Twig is powered by a flexible lexer and parser. This allows the developer to define its own custom tags and filters, and create its own DSL.

3. JavaScript 

JavaScript is a programming language that adds interactivity to the website (for example: games, responses when buttons are pressed or data entered in forms, dynamic styling)

4. AJAX 

AJAX is a set of Web development techniques using many Web technologies on the client side to create asynchronous Web applications.

5. Simfony 

"Symfony is a set of PHP Components, a Web Application framework, a Philosophy, and a Community — all working together in harmony." 


*   Symfony Framework

A framework is one of the tools that is available to help you develop better and faster!
Better, because a framework provides you with the certainty that you are developing an application that is in full compliance with the business rules, that is structured, and that is both maintainable and upgradable.
Faster, because it allows developers to save time by re-using generic modules in order to focus on other areas.

*   Symfony Components

Symfony Components are a set ofn reusable PHP libraries. They are becoming the standard foundation on which the best PHP applications are built on. These components are reused in applications independently from the Symfony Framework.

*   Symfony Community

A huge community of Symfony fans committed to take PHP to the next level.

*   Symfony Philosophy

Behind any embracing and promoting professionalism, best practices, standardization and interoperability of applications.

## Motivation of Choice of Project ##

The main motivation of doing this project is that is a potential tool that could be useful in many place of work, specially now that hotel industry is now well placed to deliver significant employment and foreign earnings growth to 2020.
The hotel is a home away from home where all the modern amenities are available. To be able to offer to the guest a unique experience you need to deliver te service on time at the highest standard. 

To be a ble to achieve the guest expectation  everyone which work on the same place need to know information about the products which they work with and the Suppliers which provide it.
It is well know that the human resources movement across the departament in the hotel and between the hotels is high, so most the information get lost on the moment one of the key person which use to please a order leave. So it is take time to find the detail and reconnect with supplier.  

## Deliberation  ##
 
 *  Fully Working website:
 *  User Documentation - Details of how use the WEB Application.
 *  System evaluation and evidence of testing
 
## Report Structure Summary ##

The report will contain the following section: 

#### Chapter 2 - Overview of Hospitality Materials Control  #### 

This chapter give a brief description of Hospitality Materials Control

#### Chapter 3 - Literature review  ####

This chapter will give a examination of the structure of Hospitality Materials Control  
    
#### Chapter 4 - System Analyses: Function Requirements  ####

This chapter outlines: 
   
  *   The list of tasks that the system must be able to do. 
  *   The use case that aloud these tasks to be perform. 
  *   How classes and Objects are defined and interact in suport of use cases  

 #### Chapter 5 - System Analyses: Function Requirements  ####
 
 This chapter outlines:  
 
 #### Chapter 6 - System Analyses: Function Requirements  ####
 
 This chapter outlines: 
 
 #### Chapter 7 - System Analyses: Function Requirements  ####
 
 This chapter outlines: 
 
 #### Chapter 8 - Testing and evaluation   ####
 
 This chapter outlines:
 
 #### Chapter 9 - Conclusion and Future work  ####
 
 This chapter describe the recognition of necessary  work need it to improve the system:
  
  #### Appendix - Program Listings  ####
  
  This section give a list of scripts that have been used in the program  
  
  #### List of reference   ####
  
  This chapter lists and details the source of information used for this project 